docs: updates based on feedback (#526)
WICG/webmonetization: src/content/docs/developers/about-receiving.mdx

In general, a micropayment is a very small payment. Each wallet provider is responsible for a few things:

- Deciding whether to support receiving and sending micropayments
- Defining what a micropayment is in the context of their business
- Determining the minimum amount for a micropayment

Let's say your wallet provider allows you to receive micropayments. Your provider defines a micropayment as any payment under $0.05 USD. This means you could, for example, receive a payment of one US cent--as long as the sender's wallet provider allows them to send that amount.

> Your wallet provider may also have business rules set up such that micropayments accumulate on your account but aren't deposited until you reach a minimum received amount.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your wallet provider may also have business rules set up such that micropayments accumulate on your account but aren't deposited until you reach a threshold amount.
```

- Defining what a micropayment is in the context of their business
- Determining the minimum amount for a micropayment

> Let's say your wallet provider allows you to receive micropayments. Your provider defines a micropayment as any payment under $0.05 <abbr>USD</abbr>. This means you could, for example, receive a payment of one US cent--as long as the sender's wallet provider allows them to send that amount.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let's say your wallet provider allows you to receive micropayments. Your provider defines a micropayment as any payment under $0.05 <abbr title="US Dollar">USD</abbr>. This means you could, for example, receive a payment of one US cent--as long as the sender's wallet provider allows them to send that amount.
```
